Name: Lindsey Reynolds
Date: 04/07/20
Title: Lab 5 Notes
Description: This file answers the questions from lab 5


Step 1: 
- What happens? 
    When the program runs, it prints hello from each thread, along with the 
    corresponding iteration number. It is clear immediately that there is a bug. 
- How many threads are created?
    10 threads are created.
- What values of i are passed in to each?
    Values 0 through 9 are passed in to each thread.
- Do you get the same result with multiple runs?
    No, every run has a different result. 
- What might happen if you are also running other demanding processes?
    The iterations that each thread will print will be larger.
- Are the parameters passed into the go() function per-thread?
    No, they are shared state variables.
- Where are those value's states stored by the compiler?
    They are stored in the main threads stack. 
- main() has a local variable i, is this per-thread or shared?
    It is being shared amongst all the threads.
- Where does the compiler store this variable?
    The compiler stores this variable in the main threads stack. 
- Why does this program sometimes print the same value of i?
    It does this because the OS is doing context switches part way
    through the go() function of each thread. The loop continues 
    incrementing i each time the main thread is given the CPU, even 
    though some threads are still waiting in their go() function and 
    have not yet printed their iteration value. Then when each thread 
    has the CPU back and prints its iteration value, the value of i has changed.
    Many threads may be about to print their iteration value when a context 
    switch occurs, so if they get the CPU back, one after the another, before 
    the main thread can increment i again, they will print the same value. 

Step 2: 
- In order to fix this bug, I created a variable in the heap for each
iteration through the loop and passed in a pointer to that value to 
the corresponding call to go(). I made sure to call free() on these
variables in the go() function as well. 

Step 3: Done. 